🌱 Add Agent Skills and standardize CLI descriptions (#5631)
kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder: .agents/skills/cli-descriptions/SKILL.md

Reviewer: `.skills/` may be a valid directory according to the spec, but VSCode (which is the code editor most developers use) does not recognize this path. 

The nesting inside the `cli` subdirectory also affects discovery, so perhaps we can't group the skills into categories, it seems. 😞 

I had to move the skill to `.agents/skills/description-standards/` to get it to be discovered by VSCode.

See:
https://agentskills.io/skill-creation/quickstart#create-the-skill
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/copilot/customization/agent-skills#_create-a-skill

Author: Done

> ---
> name: description-standards
> description: Standards for CLI command and flag descriptions in Kubebuilder. Use when writing or reviewing CLI flags, commands, or help text.
> ---

Reviewer: Couldn't the front-matter be explored a bit more?

See: https://agentskills.io/specification#frontmatter

For example, we could add the license and the author to this document, just so it matches the other files in the repo:

```suggestion
---
name: description-standards
description: Standards for CLI command and flag descriptions in Kubebuilder. Use when writing or reviewing CLI flags, commands, or help text.
license: Apache-2.0
metadata:
  author: The Kubernetes Authors
---
```

Author: Done
